I finally found some time to read this.  I like this paper a lot and it is quite interesting.  I would be happy to chat more about this paper.  I have a few quick comments and would love to see another draft at some point.  Overall, I'm more into the model than the survey.  I think empirical work that shows some exogenous variation in the introduction of a P2P service and its effects (and their relationship to the model) would be an interesting (say, if some aspect of AirBnB use intensity by city is plausibly exogenous), but a lot of work and a change in direction for the paper.

Transaction costs
I would be interested in you fleshing out the transaction costs section (2.8) more.  You nicely build up the model piece-by-piece, but this section is where I think it should come together since what we presumably really care about is how P2P renting (as a change in transaction costs) affects the market.  I think a picture here where you show the difference in the LR between p = r and p = r + c would be one interesting piece.  I would also separate out the transaction cost c, which is lost only during rental use, from the use intensity cost (say d) which you describe but don't parameterize, which is lost when either the owner or renter uses the good.

Product market supply / market equilibrium / AirBnB
I think a fun paragraph or extension you could add would be about what happens when the product supply market can respond and when it can't (is relatively fixed / inelastic).  The key example I have in mind here is the housing market and in particular, the introduction of AirBnB in San Francisco.  I would think of San Francisco housing supply as very inelastic.  See this article summarizing David Albouy's research which is somewhat relevant.  How much will rent go up in SF as a result of AirBnB?  

Survey framing
I think the survey needs some more framing up front.  Another sentence about why you did it, and a few sentences summarizing the results up front I think would be helpful.  Overall, I think the survey results are interesting and I agree that they help support the model, but I think the framing is critical because none of the survey results seem surprising, at least to me.  Maybe you should up-front discuss hypotheses you think the survey refutes in more detail.  For example. you touch on income effects a little, but, I guess I'm not surprised that most people aren't saying cost is the reason they don't own some of the low-cost goods in the survey.

Sharing within family / market structure restrictions on sharing and renting
These ideas are a bit half baked, but it strikes me that your model might have something to say about the transition from a computer being something shared within a family to being something each family member owns.  Also, many information goods have transitioned from rentable / sharable physical goods (music cds, video game cartridges) with first-sale doctrine rights which support the market for sharing, reselling, etc., to digitally distributed goods (music streaming, downloaded games) which intentionally do not support these use cases.  In both of these markets (and books and probably others), it at least looks like prices dropped, possibly by more than the reduction in transaction costs, but also, in most cases, both physical and digital versions of the same goods are available.  

Maybe you could say something about these markets.  Maybe you could say something about Gamestop, which I believe makes most of its profit from the sale of used games and I suspect is either going to have to change its business model substantially or go out of business as more games are sold digitally, cutting them out.  It would be interesting to know under what conditions consumer surplus is counter-intuitively higher (either overall, or for some consumers) when only digital versions of information goods are available and renting / sharing is prohibited.  I suspect consumers with high value of their time and high willingness-to-pay for these goods might benefit, since dealing with sharing and resale is too costly for them, whereas less wealthy consumers end up losing out.
